when it comes to name brands who's the
smartest cookie let's talk about that
[Music]
good mythical morning for those of you
who've been asking about sign copies of
the lost causes of bleak Creek listen
for a limited time we got them all sale
at the mythical store get yours while
you can at mythical calm sign by us yeah
christmas time is here y'all and there's
nothing like a cookie to bring you good
cheer but if you like eating cookies a
lot more than you like making them I
feel you and we're here to help you
decide the best cookies to buy from the
store and you may think that the best
cookies are the ones that you've heard
of but listen up buddy role we have
learned that sometimes name recognition
is nothing but smoke mirrors and
billions of dollars of marketing so
today we find out if those name brands
taste for mist or if they fall to the
rest it's time for knock offs knock out
cookie addition in every single round
we're gonna have four plates of cookies
place one of those will be the name
brand that we all know and potentially
love and then the other three will be
generic brands of the same type of
cookie we're gonna be competing to
correctly guess which cookie is their
brand name and then whoever wins will
receive a very special cookie jar jar
we're starting off with the classic
chocolate chip cookie I'm trying to find
the chip soy chips all right now these
are lighter in color these are lighter
in color except for the edge darker I'd
say that's a fair cookie now you like
juju soy I do I have a weakness for a
chewy cookie there's much fluffier
doesn't go cookie
I actually prefer this cookie hmm you
prefer this cookie mm-hmm what about
this cookie oh gosh
oh that's a cruncher your cookie that's
almost a gingersnap more chocolate chips
too so if you like chocolate chips and
crunch
I don't you number three is for you and
see how this one's lighter in the middle
and dark on the outside what does that
mean it means it's not Chips Ahoy
it's the opposite of me Lotte on the
outside and dark on the inside
it's not that this cookie tastes bad but
it's the worst of the four do you agree
that's the worst I don't know I thought
that was the best see I thought well for
them you ready I'm ready to like you
know what
okay flags up three two one actually
think it's this one
hi it's the crunchy chocolaty one cuz
they're spending more money on the
chocolate really uh you might be right I
don't know the Chips Ahoy cookies are on
plate - yeah you stinker haha the other
ones from rets - links our targets
market pantry not bad
signatures select treasured chips from
Albertsons not good and Kroger's
shipmates
I like Kroger we've established that
Kroger brings it but Albertsons needs to
go out back and just be put down take it
no they can hang with me for tasting
time okay look at these lighter Nilla
wafers darker real dark real dark and
then back to number one yeah one in four
match I'm just gonna go straight hole
bite mmm
Nilla wafers are always a little bit
smaller now remember them every time I
seem like they're all getting smaller
oh it's raunchy this one tastes like a
mothball not good at all I mean my balls
are not good it tastes like it has
cleaner on it like sort of chemical no
it tastes like detergent it's been laced
with this a tide pod whoever's making
this is trying to kill you it tastes
like tide it literally does taste what
it tastes like you know if I die you're
gonna die tell me that doesn't like
detergent
these are okay those are good Oh super
crispy
yeah these are is it really vanilla Li
that's good it's not a vanilla flavor
it's an additional flavor like it's
almost like a hint of cinnamon but
you're right you're right there's
sentiment in there I agree with that
sentiment Oh so weird it's like a
Christmas Nilla wafer maybe it is we
don't know the rules around here I'm
ready okay three two one it's got to be
oh really no it's those those are good
all right
wafers are on plate number three dang it
Rhett you okay monster certainly our
Albertsons signature select I like
Albert do you like Albertsons man I want
to kill it I like Albert and his son
clover Valley from Dollar General Dollar
General is mixing the detergent in the
cookie you gotta you gotta separate
Isles dollars but you know what you
throw this in with like a just a big
load of whites yeah that's that's a big
load of wise and great value from
Walmart all right now we're gonna get
Figgy with it the Nabisco Fig Newton now
you had a lot of Fig Newtons at home
growing up there was a time where I went
Fig Newton the fan in season I called it
yeah it's like the season a fig I
gravitated towards them so you should
get this right I already know which one
it is just by looking at that tastes
like a pig Newton yeah now these are
smoother on the outside of more that was
a darker oh sorry
hey I'm gonna get another one just
because I touched it off knock don't
touch a man's figure I twenties getting
ready to eat it hmm oh that's better
that's almost juicy I actually think
this is better your taste buds are
broken man right why do you like things
that are bad just because I disagree
with you doesn't mean that I'm broken
but the man that I'm right the first two
rounds you chose albertsons which
really didn't taste well or good I was a
job these are kind of stale no hold out
against them a big Newton is something
that once I stopped eating them and I
never look back I never thought to
myself why I miss Fig Newtons and now
that I'm eating them I'm like have you
ever heard of got not one out of your
hands
I'm not gonna I don't like Fig Newtons I
can't believe I ate them for like three
years of my life I never understood it
I'll be honest with you but it's the
only thing you have your house to eat
they're chewy
there's nothing crunchy in it that's why
I liked him just for the consistency I
have your label I have your label and I
want your label nope I I'm not super
confident in this one but oh okay well
we're there this is what I was gonna do
as well so I didn't want you to think
that I was copying you but I knew you're
gonna do that
I went with these because they had the
most reminiscent taste and they're also
I remember them yes smooth right but I
do prefer these a little bit yeah it's
it from Albertson probably the plate
that you prefer is the correct answer
oh please do not throw the Fig Newtons
the others are Walmart's great value
dollar generals clover Valley and Trader
Joe's so you're saying these are the
real Fig Newtons that's what I'm saying
oh dang how's that possible I could I
could have bridged the gap now let's
find the original Barnum's animal
crackers now Barnes and Bailey's and all
those people they went out of business
right for the circus they're still
making the crackers and by the way
they're in a cracker business their
crackers this is a cookie episode no
what do I need crackers signed up
brother technically a cookie they are
because they're sweet
is that why oh that's okay I picked up
okay oh no this is like a mountain goat
it's like limiting linear you remember
that from the original animals no I
don't camel huh everyone really gets a
cracker taste on that back in John I've
done it this is not a cookie it becomes
straight-up crackers yeah I want still a
cookie this one becomes a cracker
crackle and this is I mean this is like
a is this a nursing hippopotamus this is
something to get children excited I
think this is a hippo nursing a baby
hippo or is the hippo just grabbing its
own breasts what would you do if you
were a hippo I guess be mistaken for a
gorilla I can't tell what this is look
at this one they didn't even take the
time to cut the legs out
yeah that's cheap it's definitely one of
these too I mean we both know that well
the thing we learned is that they have a
lemony flavor I like these better than
those two and I'm gonna taste this these
are the best tasty do you want no which
one do you like the best number one I
don't like lemon flavored stuff so I
like these the best I like these the
second best these are horrible and
that's number three for me ready to
guess okay yeah yeah yeah I I'm pretty
sure that's it
these are Barnum's animal crackers are
on plate number four what that's right
the one you chose is Trader Joe's and
the next one is target's market pantry
followed by Costco's Kirkland Signature
somebody's been feeding me the wrong
animal you serious
oh my this is not what's in my mind
about how they look they've updated the
design my whole world's been turned
upside down I don't know if I can go on
well they taste the best
I'm going forward without you okay
a couple things to note number one this
round is gonna be worth two points you
have a chance to talk yes and we are
blindfolded because we're tasting Oreos
and Oreos if you didn't know say Oreo on
them I'm in I'm in a plate that's a
sweet sweet cream in the middle of that
I would think I just ate an Oreo yeah
that tasted like an Oreo felt like an
Oreo - this one also feels like an Oreo
huh mmm more crumbly yeah a lot more
crumbly not as crunchy not nearly as
chocolatey hmm I don't want to give too
much away but I don't think that's an
Oreo yeah that ain't an Oreo this one
seems to have more frosting in the
middle yeah I put a double stuff in here
this one's a good one too this is a good
cookie it's got more frosting the number
one in a very similar taste
mmm the chocolate is a little more cocoa
E is this the last one yeah you're doing
great
oh this one's thin Oh
somebody said on these there's nothing a
cream in the middle yeah he's got that
on at the store this is the Dollar
General I'm gonna put that up there at
their messy game that's really exempted
these two it don't taste bad this in
front of mirrors yeah is this in front
of you you don't you know what's in
front so this is two and then this is is
this one and then this is - okay wine
hmm how much cookies too much cookie cuz
I'm about to be there I didn't want to
eat - I forgot it's really three that
we're concerned about I accidentally put
some dadgum two in my mouth and I meant
to put a three now I'm chewing multiple
- okay careful be very careful with your
sticks please and I'm not even gonna
count down you just gingerly place them
where you believe because you can't see
each other so just what are you going
for Lee what are you doing man I'm just
trying to find number number one okay
found it hold on I think he just took my
[Laughter]
final guesses
you can't hold okay alright I see I see
what's going on here finally
alright so red is going plate one and
link is going point three and I didn't
read the cookie I'm right hey that's it
that's this is not a bad cookie though
this one is good aalverson the one next
to Oreos is Walmart's great value the
one that you said was good was Trader
Joe's how much the last one is Kroger's
they put a lot of you later pool or no
Gers owns it ' okay no thought you're
trying to be like our mom's Trader Joe's
turn everything plural very good well
congratulations right you are the you're
the cookie ID man so you get a cookie
jar jar cookie jar jar oh I'm so happy
take a bite of his eyeball glue yeah man
go for it it's not gonna be me my gosh
it's a chewy one y'all made this last
week thank you for liking commenting and
subscribe you know what time it is
I'm Jacob I'm Levi we're about to make
cookies and it's time to spin the wheel
of mythicality what's in those cookies
contain yourselves boys click the top
link to watch us taste Girl Scout cookie
knockoffs and good mythical more hand
upon it with the women in the Galliano
look feel and smell your mythical best
with our mythical grooming collection
available at mythical dot-com